Who uses the sword marked by the God-King to deal with his king?
ridiculous. Replace at low cost.
If you don't have a full family of tombs, I won't kill you.
Some of these things were caused by you and Tomb Yang, causing the Tomb family to suffer hardships.
Don't use your superior self-confidence to believe in me.
The fact that you can live without a tomb family today is just a matter of borrowing from the God of War.
This kind of villain is a leader.
I don't need to be ordained.
However, I am a total girl. You can't die if you wait, right?
The mysterious general that my Brother Meng Yu wants to spend time with
There are also countless good goddess Mengzhong to visit and ask.
I give you my body
Let me go
I shouldn't be interested in occupying Tianchen
Don't be ungrateful
A mean person like you
What doesn't deserve this?
A top beauty like me
Didn't you live cheaply like this before?
The descendants raised by your Meng family
I’ve looked at each one and I don’t want you.
Stretch behind your clothes
It's you who are extraordinary
Maybe it can really protect me
I know it myself
Have a